oakle and Allen didn't even think he was
going to play in the game last night he
not only plays in the game he goes home
with the big gold Trophy and he's the
star of stars well speaking of stars
young man who has joined us here at the
table Kobe Bryant we talked about his
talents you had 21 points is what I'm
looking at unofficially over here in the
ball game but you're disappointed
because you guys were supposed to walk
with this thing what happened well we
came out with the attitude that we're
going to walk through this team we're
going to win I think you can see the
attitude at the beginning of the game
came out very lack ofical and they came
out very pumped up and excited and they
jumped out to early lead they maintain
that lead to the game I know Jason Hart
came over and teased me I was teasing
him before the game I said you got no
shot against Kobe Bryant and Tim Thomas
and they put the hurt on you guys you
guys didn't get back defensively yeah
well uh we're going to see him doing the
aaou season so I think we're going to
get him back but I'll tell you one thing
Kobe there's an example of you jamming
right here flying through the sky I mean
really a a tremendous Talent who do you
pattern your game after well I just try
to play the overall game and try to be a
well-rounded basketball player who can
handle the ball who can pass the ball
and shoot the ball I want to be a
multikill basketball player and you know
we have to ask you this question rumors
are flying all over that you're the one
player here who's thinking seriously of
making the transition right from the
high school ranks to the professional
ranks how serious is that part of your
decision well there's definitely a
possibility I think I'd be foolish like
to look into that I'm honored that
people think that I'm able to make the
jump and so obviously I'm going to take
a look into it and see what my options
are so it's a possibility what other
options when you talk about college if
college is your choice what schools are
you narrowed down to well I narrowed
down to about five I had Lal Duke
Michigan North Carolina and Villanova
and Lal your dad obviously is the
assistant coach tell us a little bit
about this guy plays his dad oneon-one
and understand your dad still beat you
hey well he beats me up and he keeps
scor so I think when I get a little
older with my son then I can keep score
I think I'll beat him time too listen
most people are not fortunate enough to
live with a guy that played for eight
years in the National Basketball
Association I know what kind of tight
relationship you're and your dad have
what what's the most important thing or
most important things that he gave you
to make you a better basketball player
in high school well he's always tell me
told me to enjoy the basketball game I
think that's the best advice that he
could ever give me cuz a lot of players
just go out there and play and uh let
the pressure overwhelm him but my father
said go out there have a good time and
enjoy yourself and good things will come
you know Kobe also I mentioned on the
year you speak fluent Italian you were
in Italy K come too but you speak fluid
Italian but also an outstanding student
a lot of people are unaware that I
believe you scored about 1,00 on your
SATs am I right about that and I you're
just totally a well-rounded person if
you make the transition and the NBA is
your goal and it happens that you make
that move will education still be part
of your plan oh definitely definitely I
always want to be a well-rounded
basketball player and a red person and
so I think that if I do make the job I
definitely want to get my degree were
you surprised there's Talent all over
this country but just like we're Shard
comes in he was not even one of the
regular guys he wins the MVP in this
ball game were you a little surprised at
some of the fellas that you had heard
about but you had not played with in
this ball game that uh that impressed uh
well I know all these players are here
for a reason all whether it's thear
Phillips he's here for a reason he can
play basketball and I noticed it in
practice he was out there playing he
wasn't backing down from anyone I think
this is reality check for most of us
guys who are America's gests are coming
in here and guy like Rashad Phillip
comes in and does work I think that
sends a great message to all these
players to go back home and work on your
basketball skills cuz there a lot of
talent out there besides ourselves well
that's a message we tried to con you
last night about a Tim Duncan for
example and a number of players David
Robinson who are not Superstar I mean
nobody wanted a David Robinson and he
becomes the nsmith player of the year so
there are kids out there who are really
dreaming I think and dreaming and making
their dreams happen but I think the one
thing that you have and that he has in
his hot life Ron and more kids need you
got to support team there with your
family oh exactly if I if I play Bad on
the court uh I can always go home have a
home me mother always be there to
comfort me but I think that's a that's a
great thing to have because they love me
not because of basketball but because
I'm their son and and they love me very
much and basketball has nothing to do
with him and I know one thing you get
all your looks and show to your sisters
from your mom I'll tell you that I
guarantee you that Kobe thanks for
coming by we appreciate it 21 points in
this ball game uh but the most important
thing is just to get to visit with you a
little bit and let the fans see that uh
the young man is not only an
All-American on the court but off the
court as well thanks a lot I told you
yesterday I'm biased I want to call you
g in